Update SIG Regulatory (#2594)
nf-core/website: src/content/events/2024/SIG_regulatory_kickoff.md

---

> title: '#regulatory: Kick Off Meeting'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: '#regulatory: Kick Off Meeting'
subtitle: Round table led by Alex Peltzer (Boehringer Ingelheim Pharma GmbH)
```

type: talk
startDate: '2024-07-01'
startTime: '16:00+02:00'
endDate: '2024-07-01'
endTime: '17:30+02:00'
locations:
  - name: Online

>     links:
>       - [Zoom Link](https://seqera-io.zoom.us/j/89167122876)
> - Meeting ID: `891 6712 2876`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    links: https://seqera-io.zoom.us/j/89167122876
```

---

> Kickoff meeting of the regulatory special interest group. The new nf-core "Regulatory" special interest group is intended to bring people together to discuss topics around pipeline validation and qualification for clinical applications. We hope to make key nf-core pipelines even more complete in terms of testing, adherence to standards and documentation. By bringing different stakeholders with interests in validation & qualification together, we aim to improve standards and fill gaps with respect to FDA/EMA requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kickoff meeting of the regulatory special interest group. The new nf-core ["Regulatory" special interest group](https://nf-co.re/special-interest-groups/regulatory) is intended to bring people together to discuss topics around pipeline validation and qualification for clinical applications. We hope to make key nf-core pipelines even more complete in terms of testing, adherence to standards and documentation. By bringing different stakeholders with interests in validation & qualification together, we aim to improve standards and fill gaps with respect to FDA/EMA requirements.
```

> Our idea is to outline some points that we could potentially tackle, identify what others are considering the regulatory space and how far we are in terms of making nf-core pipelines even more complete and what would be necessary to achieve this. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

We intend to outline some points that we could potentially tackle, identify what others are considering the regulatory space and how far we are in terms of making nf-core pipelines even more complete and what would be necessary to achieve this. 
```

> The kickoff will have a structured agenda of potential points but everyone is welcome to contribute and chime in with their own remarks and experience on the matter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The kickoff will have a structured agenda of potential points but everyone is welcome to contribute and chime in with their own remarks and experience on the matter.
```
